Document:Online Hostel Booking Specification Document

Title:Online Hostek Booking for Online Portal

Team:
	Direct Customer, Indirect Customer, Business Analyst
	Customer Support and Assurance Team
	System Analyst

Objective(Purpose):
	This document provides a defination of the website system for booking hotels 
	and hotel units as well as events.These are according to geographical distribution
	in the cities of India.
Scope:
	This system will provide scopes for the customer to add his booking, the admin 
	for website to manage booking,the admin for hotel to confirm the booking.Customer 
	will be able to review staying history.This System will able to show live spaces 
	and view of hotels.

Definations:
	
	OHB:Online Hotel Booking
	CSAT:Customer Support and Assurance Team
	Portal:Personalized Online Web Application
	MIS:Management Information System
	HMS:Hotel Management System
	BI:Business Intelligence
	Dashboard:Personalized information presented using BI techniques such grid, score card, graph.
	The Online Hotel Management System is an online hotel administration system used for Reservation,
	Availability and Occupancy Management, Check In/Check Out, viewing Images etc.
	HMS has three end users:
	Receptionist:Receptionist will have access to update or modifying booking details.
	Manager:Manager will be able to view the financial reports and able to update the 
		room information's such as any addition in rooms.
	Customer:Customer is able to check room's availability. 
	
Requirements:

Functional Requirements:
	Any annonymous User will be able to view different rooms avaialble for stay. Any User will be able select rooms to view from categories avaialble. 

Registered Hotels will be able promote their rooms for stay by selecting rooms maintained by System.

Hotelers will be able to update  room details which have been already selected for booking. Hotelers, receptionteam will be informed well in advaned about room avaibility   or no booking availiable for stay in rooms catlog.	rooms listing will be provided based their category, popularity, charges, likes, recommendations.

Reception Team will be able to approve or reject request  raised by user for confirmation or rejection from rooms catalog.
Reception Team will be to track and maintainavailibilty of rooms available for stay.
Reception Team will be able to raise reqests for booking updation  from reception inventory.

user will be able to  confirm or cancel booking from Bookings slot.
OSS will maintain booking slot for each user to maintain records of room selected by user.

user will be able view all rooms from explorere tab.
Booking slot will present booking details, number of adults for stay selected by user with price and total. 
user will be able to initiate room booking process system.

Reception team will be able get details of bookings of a particular User. 
Reception team  will be able to cancel , reject or approve 
	 bookings been placed by user due to some policies of Business.

BOD will be able to summary of booking has been confirmed, rejected from 
Booking PRocessing of System. BOD will get Business insight by 
observing  daily operations  with the of getting bookings information.


User will be provided options for payment such as through internet banking  or  UPI  or Online payment option.
 	 Consumer will asked to submit their payment related information.Consumer will be redirected to payment gateway for secure payment transaction. On successful payment processing using payment gateway system will notify user about transaction and booking slot status.

User will be able track booking status. User will be able track booking using unique booking id presented.


 User will be able cancel and  get refund money based on any  respective reasons.
	
	 Hotel vendor will be ablt to  list all rooms booking to be done by their staff.
	 Reception team will be able to monitor housekeeping done by their vendors.
	 Reception team will be able to track room bookings for particular user.

		
	
*Non-Functional Requirements:
	1. Security:- 
Registered User will allowed to book a room.	
		Each stakeholder will be to access system  through authentication process.What is your age?
		System will provide access to the content , operations using Role based security (Authorization) (Permissions based on Role)
		Using SSL in all transactions  which will be performed  by stakeholder. It would protect confidential information shared by system to stake holder of Shared by stakeholder to system.
		System  will internally maintain secure communiction channel between Servers ( Web Servers, App Servers, databse Server)
		Sensitive data will be always encrypted across communcation.
		Use proper firewall to protect servers from out side fishing, velnerable attacks.

	2. Realiability:-
The system will backup business data on regular basis and recover in short time duration to keep system operational.
Continous updates are matained , continous Adminstration is done to keep system operational.
During peak hours system will maintain same user experaince by managing load balacning.

	3. Availability :-
		Checkin:- 12:00PM onwards.
		Checkout:- 11:00 AM nextday
		 uptime:   24* 7  available
		 99.999%

	4. Maintainability:-
A Commercial database software will be used to maintain System data Persistence.
A readymade Web Server will be installed to host online booking portal (Web Site) to management server capabilities.
IT operations team will easily monitor and configure System using Adminstrative tools provided by Servers.
Separate enviornment will be maintained for system for isolation in  sanitization, housekeeping, ambiance, and development.

	5. Portablility:-
			PDA: Portable Device Application
		  System will provide portable User Interface ( HTML, CSS, JS) through  users will be able to access online booking portal.
		  System can be deployed to single server, multi server, to any OS, Cloud (Azure or AWS or GCP).

	6. Accessibility:-
		Only registered user  will be able to place an order after authentication.
		Reception team can reject or approve  bookings, booking requests  based on role provided.
		BOD team will be able to view daily, weekly, monthly, annual businss Growth throgh customized dashboard.
		hotelers will be able to see their booking grap

	7. Durability:
		  System will retain user  booking slot for 15 minutes  even though user loose internet connection and join again.
System will maintainbooking update for user . 
User  will be able to select rooms from wishlist  and add to booking slot whenever needed.
		  System will implement backup and recovery for retaining stake holders data, bussiness operation data and business data over time.

	8.  Efficiency:
		Maximum number of users  will confirmed booking, view rooms  with same response time.
		System will be able to manage all transactions with isolation.

	9. Modularity:
		 System will designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form of modules.
These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
System will contain CRM , Inventory , Booking cart, Booking processing, payment processing, Booking Confirmation, membership and Roles managment modules.
	
	10. Scalability:
		System will be able  to  provide  consistent user exeprience to stake holder as well as vistors irrespective of load.

	11. Safety:
online booking portal will be secure from malicious attack, fishing.
		online booking portal functionalilites are protected from outside with prper firewall configuration.
		online booking portal will be always kept updated with latest anit virus software.
		Bussiness data will be backed up periodically to ensure safty of data using increamental back up strategy.
		Role based security will be applied for Application data and operations accessibility.
				



