*Non-Functional Requirements:
	1. Security:- 
Registered Customer will allowed to book a room.	
		Each stakeholder will be to access system  through authentication process.What is your age?
		System will provide access to the content , operations using Role based security (Authorization) (Permissions based on Role)
		Using SSL in all transactions  which will be performed  by stakeholder. It would protect confidential information shared by system to stake holder of Shared by stakeholder to system.
		System  will internally maintain secure communiction channel between Servers ( Web Servers, App Servers, databse Server)
		Sensitive data will be always encrypted across communcation.
		Use proper firewall to protect servers from out side fishing, velnerable attacks.

	2. Realiability:-
The system will backup business data on regular basis and recover in short time duration to keep system operational.
Continous updates are matained , continous Adminstration is done to keep system operational.
During peak hours system will maintain same user experaince by managing load balacning.

	3. Availability :-
		Checkin:- 12:00PM onwards.
		Checkout:- 11:00 AM nextday
		 uptime:   24* 7  available
		 99.999%

	4. Maintainability:-
A Commercial database software will be used to maintain System data Persistence.
A readymade Web Server will be installed to host online booking portal (Web Site) to management server capabilities.
IT operations team will easily monitor and configure System using Adminstrative tools provided by Servers.
Separate enviornment will be maintained for system for isolation in  production, testing, and development.

	5. Portablility:-
			PDA: Portable Device Application
		  System will provide portable User Interface ( HTML, CSS, JS) through  users will be able to access online booking portal.
		  System can be deployed to single server, multi server, to any OS, Cloud (Azure or AWS or GCP).

	6. Accessibility:-
		Only registered customer will be able to place an order after authentication.
		Sales team can reject or approve  bookings, booking requests  based on role provided.
		BOD team will be able to view daily, weekly, monthly, annual businss Growth throgh customized dashboard.
		Shoppers will be able to see their booking grap

	7. Durability:
		  System will retain customer booking cart for 15 minutes  even though customer loose internet connection and join again.
System will maintain wishlist for customer . 
Customer  will be able to add products from wishlist  and add tobooking cart whenever needed.
		  System will implement backup and recovery for retaining stake holders data, bussiness operation data and business data over time.

	8.  Efficiency:
		Maximum number of users  will place order, view products  with same response time.
		System will be able to manage all transactions with isolation.

	9. Modularity:
		 System will designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form of modules.
These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
System will contain CRM , Inventory , Booking cart, Booking processing, payment processing, Booking Confirmation, membership and Roles managment modules.
	
	10. Scalability:
		System will be able  to  provide  consistent user exeprience to stake holder as well as vistors irrespective of load.

	11. Safety:
online booking portal will be secure from malicious attack, fishing.
		online booking portal functionalilites are protected from outside with prper firewall configuration.
		online booking portal will be always kept updated with latest anit virus software.
		Bussiness data will be backed up periodically to ensure safty of data using increamental back up strategy.
		Role based security will be applied for Application data and operations accessibility.
				